README.md, before:

![](./res/hype_header.png)
# hype
This Mastodon bot transfers the trends from other instances directly to your personal timeline. You decide which instances it fetches and how much you want to see per instance.

## Why
I am hosting my own mastodon instance and my server is very small (~2 active users). This is why trends simply do not work on my instance. There is just not enough activity. I used to open up the explore-pages of other interesting mastodon instances once per day to discover interesting topics and posts beyond my subscriptions. But that is a bit tedious in the long run. One afternoon I decided to write a bot for this issue and here we are :tada:

## Installation
Deploy with docker-compose

```yaml
version: "3"
services:
  hype:
    image: valentinriess/hype:latest
    volumes:
      - ./config:/app/config
```



## Configuration

Create a `config.yaml` file in `./config/` and enter the credentials of your bot-account. Also define how often the bot should run. See the example below:

```yaml
# Credentials for your bot account
bot_account:
  server: "mastodon.example.com"
  email: "hypebot@example.com"
  password: "averylongandsecurepassword"

# Refresh interval in minutes
interval: 60

# Define subscribed instances and 
# their individual limit (top n trending posts)
# which is again limited by the API to max 20
subscribed_instances:
  chaos.social:
    limit: 20
  mastodon.social:
    limit: 5
```

## Features

- Boost trending posts from other Mastodon instances
- Update bot profile with list of subscribed instances

---
  
<a rel="me" href="https://mastodon.keks.club/@hype">Hype on Mastodon</a>

Commit message:

Split auth and config into two files
This makes public handling of subscriptions easier.

README.md, after:

![](./res/hype_header.png)

# hype

This Mastodon bot transfers the trends from other instances directly to your personal timeline. You decide which instances it fetches and how much you want to see per instance. (Forked from Valentin Reiss' !(https://github.com/v411e/hype)[https://github.com/v411e/hype])

## Why

For smaller instances the local timeline is rather empty. This is why trends simply do not work on those instances: There is just not enough activity. Instead of manually checking out other instances this bot allows to subscribe to a multitude of different mastodon compatible servers to fetch trending posts and repost them to your current server helping discoverability of accounts, people and topics within the federated social web.

## Installation

Deploy with docker-compose

```yaml
version: "3"
services:
  hype:
    image: t4nte/hype:latest
    volumes:
      - ./config:/app/config
```

## Configuration

Create a `config.yaml` and a `auth.yaml` file in `./config/`. Enter the credentials of your bot-account into `auth.yaml`. You can define which servers to follow and how often to fetch new posts in config.yaml. See the example below:

`auth.yaml`:

```yaml
# Credentials for your bot account
bot_account:
  server: "mastodon.example.com"
  email: "hypebot@example.com"
  password: "averylongandsecurepassword"
```

`config.yaml`

```yaml
# Refresh interval in minutes
interval: 60

# Define subscribed instances and
# their individual limit (top n trending posts)
# which is again limited by the API to max 20
subscribed_instances:
  chaos.social:
    limit: 20
  mastodon.social:
    limit: 5
```

## Features

- Boost trending posts from other Mastodon instances
- Update bot profile with list of subscribed instances

---
